Lucy Gu
Are you coming to the dinner party too?
Right
Ah, it didn't hurt you just now, did it?
No, why are you alone?
What about your husband?
Who?
Lucerne
You are here too
Duan Tezhuo
It's hard for the old lady to go over and let you announce the opening
Then Mr. Gu, please be busy first.
sister
If you are here, then you can accompany my brother in.
I'll go first
Then I'll take you out.
It's about to start.
Come on in.
Sister, I have something to tell you, wait a minute.
I want to see what Zhao Tingchuan looks like
Sister, I have something to tell you.
What's there to see in that revival talk?
Say do you need it?
What do you mean?
Oh, brother, look at your interruption
I forgot what to tell my sister
Do you just not want me to see Zhang Ding?
What does the river look like?
I don't have it.
I'm doing it for my sister too
He hasn't come to see you for more than three years
It means that he doesn't have you in his heart at all.
What if you met him?
I'm not asking for trouble, you think I'll believe you